## Providers

Providers are categorized into four categories:
- Credentials
- Email
- OAuth
- OIDC

The static `id` property of those classes represents the category.
When a provider is initialized with a user config,
it gets an `id` ___instance property___ which uniquely identifies the provider that validates authentication information.


For example, `Google` is an `OIDC` provider that's identified by its ID, `Google`.

In some cases, the provider type and its ID may be the same.
For example, there is basically only one way to obtain credentials with username/password.
So the `Credentials` provider is a `Credentials` provider that's identified by its ID, `Credentials`.

A future TODO might be to develop different types of credential providers.
So maybe it might be more straightforward to say something like:

A `Username/Password` provider is a `Credentials` provider that's identified by its ID, `username/password`
A `MFA` provider is a `Credentials` provider that's identified by its ID, `MFA`

And the MFA might feasibly be a system where you enter a single code (i.e. "credential")
and the verification is completed on a second device.

## Session Controllers

### JWT
For a JWT session controller to work, it needs to have two capabilities at the very minimum:
1. Given a session, create new session tokens.
2. Given session tokens, determine the session.

After a user logs in via a provider, session tokens will be generated by the provider.
For instance, at the very minimum, the provider will take the user's profile and set it as the access token.
The JWT session controller will take the access token containing the user's profile and encode it in JWT,
then put it in a cookie.

On subsequent requests, the JWT session controller needs to be able to read the cookie with the
encoded JWT, decode it, and retrieve the encoded session information.
In the minimal example, it would decode the JWT and receive the original access token containing
the user's profile that was given by the provider.


A JWT session controller can also be configured with additional behavior when it has to invalidate tokens,
i.e. logging the user out.


#### Notes
JWT does not have the ability to refresh out of the box.
This is because refresh tokens should be secured by a database that can
invalidate refresh tokens and sessions when needed.
